DOC Make 4.12 changelog more explicit (#112)
silverstripe/developer-docs: en/04_Changelogs/4.12.0.md

    if (typeof deferredCallback === 'function') {
      deferredCallback();
      this.setDeferredInitilisationCallback(null);
    }
  }
});
// Add an instance of the above element into the DOM and then try to use the initialised data
$('.some-other-class').entwine({
  onclick: function() {
    this.parent(parentSelector).append('<div class="some-class"></div>');
    const newElement = this.siblings('.some-class');
    // Check if the element has been initialised before performing the action
    if (newElement.getIsInitialised()) {
      const initiliasedData = newElement.data('some-data');
      console.log(initiliasedData); // this will almost never be reached but you might get a situation where the event fires immediately, so it pays to be safe
    } else {
      // Defer the action until the element has been initialised
      newElement.setDeferredInitilisationCallback(function() {
        const initiliasedData = newElement.data('some-data');
        console.log(initiliasedData); // this will print "some-data" to the console, because it will be called after initialisation has finished
      });
    }
  }
});
```

> Note that if you are not trying to used the initialised data/functionality _instantly_ after adding the element to the DOM, this kind of change is unnecessary (e.g. click event handlers which rely on _the element the user is clicking_ having been initialised do not need to defer their actions like this, because the user is extremely unlikely to click the element in the time it takes for the `MutationObserver` to fire its events). It is very much exclusive to scenarios where code which adds or replaces elements in the DOM then immediately expects some initialisation to have occurred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that if you are not trying to use the initialised data/functionality _immediately_ after adding the element to the DOM, this kind of change is not necessary (i.e. click event handlers which rely on _the element the user is clicking_ having been initialised do not need to defer their actions like this, because the user is extremely unlikely to click the element in the time it takes for the `MutationObserver` to fire its events). It is very much exclusive to scenarios where code which adds or replaces elements in the DOM then immediately expects some initialisation to have occurred.
```

Reviewer 2: `e.g.` here is correct - it's an example, not a restatement/clarification (see https://www.merriam-webster.com/words-at-play/ie-vs-eg-abbreviation-meaning-usage-difference)

Reviewer: I think it can be either here... that kind of change is not necessary, _for example_ this and that doesn't need to defer, as well as that change is not necessary, _which means_ this and that doesn't need to defer.

All good.
